Okay my friends.
So now comes the exciting step the step where we visualize the results of Thompson's sampling and mostly
the step where we're going to find out if Thompson sampling can beat the UCB algorithm and about that.
Let me remind what we got with the UCB algorithm.
Remember that was you know in the original implementation.
Remember that with 10000 round while the U.S. was perfectly able to find the best ad you know the ad
with the highest conversion rate which is of course the ad of index 4 or you know ad number five.
Then remember we tried with lower values of n we first tried with 5000 and indeed still with 5000 UCB
was perfectly able to identify the best ad with the highest conversion rate.
Then we even tried.
N equals 1000 and with n 1000 still the UCB was perfectly able to find that best ad.
However in our copy you know in our implementation of UCB Well we tried and equals 500.
And unfortunately the UCB algorithm was not able to figure out the best ad you know that ad of index
4 with the highest conversion rate in 500 rounds right.
It identified ad number 7.
So what we really want to see now you know when visualizing the results of Thompson sampling is if Thompson
simply can not only figure out that same best ad you know with the highest conversion rate in 10000
rounds first we will start with 10000 rounds.
But mostly what we want to see is if it is able to figure out that best ad in less than 500 rounds or
you know 500 rounds because if that's the case then that means Thompson sampling will beat the UCB algorithm.
So can't wait to try.
I promise that I actually have no idea because you know this is a new recording that I'm doing and when
I made these implementations I only visualized the results with ten thousand so I'm discovering the
results with you.
And that's why I'm just super excited to not only show this to you but also to myself.
So we're all in the same row of seats you know watching the same show.
OK.
So let's do this enough talking.
Let's click this fully here to you know upload the data set into the notebook let's not forget to do
this because we actually have not run any cell so far.
So right now it is connecting to a runtime to enable file browsing and in a second we should see hopefully
the upload button.
It is not coming but you know sometimes it takes time.
There we go.
All right.
So the upload button.
Let's click it.
And now in your machine please find the machinery it is at folder.
Wherever you put it in which you had to download at the beginning of each section including this one
then once you find it let's go inside.
Let's go to part 6 now.
Reinforcement learning and Section 33 Thompson sampling and of course by phone and at CGI are optimization.
Let's click open.
Let's click Okay.
Now we have the data set.
So I suggest that we do a run out so that we can you know quickly experiment with the different numbers
of rounds and we're going to start with 10000 of course just to make sure that Thompson's sampling works
correctly.
So let's do this.
Let's click runtime here and then run all.
And now all the cells will be running including this one.
Everything seems to be all good and well well well that's actually even more incredible than the UCB
algorithm.
You know it seems that this ad of index 4 was actually very quickly identified as the best.
I'm actually very confident about that question whether or not the Thompson something will beat UCB
in the sense that it will be able to identify this ad of index for as the best one in less than 500
rounds.
Right.
Clearly all these other ads here are smashed.
With respect to this one.
Right.
If we have a look at UCB again see the other ads are way more selective here than you know this one.
OK.
So I'm really really confident about this.
So I think we can directly not write 500 but you know 1000.
So I'm going to remove a zero here.
All right.
And then we're just gonna do another runtime and then restart this time and run off so that we can restart
everything and rerun all the cells yes here and now all the cells will be running again with this 1000
rounds now and let's see the new results.
And coming in a second.
There we go.
OK.
So now with 1000 rounds of course the other ads are a bit higher.
You know I mean the bars of these other ads are a bit higher because of course now we're on a different
scale.
We're only with 1000 rounds but still with 1000 rounds.
Well that ad of index four was way more selective then the others and now time for the ultimate truth
will Thompson sampling beat the UCB algorithm.
Meaning.
Will it be able to identify the best ad with the highest conversion rate in 500 rounds.
Well that's what we're about to figure out right away.
So let's replace that 1000 value here by five hundred.
Then let's click runtime again and then restart and run out.
Are you ready.
We're about to reveal the ultimate truth.
Let's do this.
Yes.
And now.
Now all the sales will be running again.
And let's see if Thompson simply can figure out the best ad in 500 rounds.
And congratulations Thompson sampling.
It was indeed truly able to figure out that ad of index 4 with the highest conversion rate in as little
as 500 rounds.
So that was expected.
You know I actually expect this because I knew from my educational background in machine learning you
know reinforcement learning with one of the topics I had it's cool in my masters of machine learning
that indeed Thompson's sampling is more powerful than UCB in most situations and that's what we clearly
see here right.
Even in 500 rounds that add an index four was way more selected than the others you know almost twice
as much as this first ad and twice as much as this one.
So clearly Thompson something did an amazing job at quickly identifying that best ad with the highest
conversion rate.
So to the question Should I try.
Should I choose UCB or Thompson sampling.
Well of course you can try that too because you know it just takes a few seconds to run the two but
if you have a doubt.
Well I would suggest to go with Thompson sampling because India is more powerful you know it is faster
to identify the elements with the highest rates.
So there we go.
I was really happy to implement these two models with you UCB and Thompson something and I'm really
glad that we enjoyed at the same time the final results on our notebook and now we're gonna move on
to another branch of personal learning which has become super popular over the recent years.
I'm talking about natural language processing and that is the branch of machine learning that of course
allows to build you know chat bot or machine translations so that's not what we will do in this part
7 because we will cover the basics with sentiment analysis but still it is great that you are being
introduced to this branch because if you want to pursue a career in MLP Well this new chapter will definitely
help you with the right basics.
So I can't wait to see you in this next part.
And until then enjoy reinforcement learning and enjoy machine learning.